(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the Digital World.
Tai Kamiya and
the Digi-destined,
along with their
Digimon partners,
continue their adventure,
to a new world.
(explosion)
In the real world,
a failed rocket launch
ended in an explosion,
while simultaneously, a
mysterious black lightning
ripped through the sky,
granting some Digimon
violently destructive powers.
The Digi-destined had to fight
their way through a world
where none but the
fittest survive,
only to run up against
a powerful enemy
they had encountered before
on the Cloud Continent,
the mysterious, AxeKnightmon.
And it was then,
that the Celestial Digimon,
Angemon, descended once again.
(melodious instrumental music)
Angemon.
(low awe grunt)
I can't believe it,
the Celestial Digimon.
[Biyomon] So pretty.
Angemon!
Let's do it.
All right, TK!
(yells)
(attack yell)
(screaming)
(grunts)
(blast)
(adventurous instrumental music)
(gasp)
(yells)
(loud blast)
Begone!
My business is not with you.
(groans)
(roars)
(leap attack yell)
(struck grunt)
Angemon!
(grunts)
(powering-up yell)
Hand of Fate!
(grunts)
(screams)
(gasps)
(struggling grunt)
(screams)
(groans)
(blown away screams)
(loud rumbling)
(harsh screeching)
(thunder strikes)
(thundering)
(ominous instrumental music)
(shimmering)
Kari, wake up!
(groggy waking grunt)
Huh?
Agumon, you good?
Glad you're okay.
Bumpy ride, huh?
Not gonna lie, I've
definitely been better.
Oh, wait, where's
everybody else?
Oh yeah, I don't see them.
Huh?
[Sora] Tai!
Tai, are you there?
Do you hear me?
Sora?
Is everyone okay?
Ohh, I'm so glad to
hear someone's voice!
Tai, where are you now?
It seems like somehow
we all got separated.
Looks like it.
How 'bout you?
Is anyone with you?
[Tai] Yeah, Kari
and Agumon are here.
I see.
(thundering)
You take care of your
sister out there.
[Tai] I will.
Matt.
(affirmative grunt)
Let's show 'em what we got!
Howling Blaster!
Listen, just be
careful, Tai, will you?
There are Digimon
all over the place!
[Tentomon] Yeah, we'll
probably gonna get eaten.
(fear grunt)
(pulling/lifting grunt)
Whew, thanks, Palmon.
[Palmon] Someone's
still chasing us!
(worried grunts)
-(thundering)
-(flinch grunts)
Enough already!
(groans)
Hey, this is Joe, checking in!
Gomamon and I are in a
pretty sweet spot here.
(blessed-out groan)
(gasp)
I know, right.
Why don't they all
come meet us here?
Oh, that's a great idea!
Hm?
(freaked scream)
Um...
Wait, who are you?
(freaked groans)
(quirky instrumental music)
[Tai] I just don't get it.
How did we all get separated?
It must've happened when
that rocket exploded.
I think Angemon tried to
evacuate us all to safety.
Oh, we can't catch a break.
(lifting grunt)
TK, how's Angemon holding up?
[TK] Back to being
Patamon and fast asleep.
[Tai] Not surprised.
Angemon fought
hard to protect us.
Hm.
Yeah, you're right.
Well...
Now we'll just gotta figure
out a way to meet up.
Oh, by the way, Izzy.
Any word on what's
going on in our world?
That NASA incident,
it really managed to
light up the internet.
Rumors and chatter are
keeping everybody busy.
But that turns
into black energy,
and I've confirmed
that a mass of it
is flowing into this continent.
It's happening again!
[Izzy] Conspiracy theories about
the incident have
appeared online,
so intelligence agencies
are on the move.
There's even a rumor
spreading around
that there was a spy
satellite on that rocket.
And of course, these
kinds of theories
are just creating
more network traffic.
(explosion)
(whimpering)
(freaked out grunt)
They're only sporadic
up to this point,
but system errors are occurring
more and more frequently
in space development
networks between nations.
These are the places
where the Zurumon
are most likely establishing
new feeding grounds.
Got it.
So guys, you all
heard that, right?
Stay alert and contact
each other right away
if anything happens.
Yeah.
In the meantime, I'll keep on
gathering more information.
We're all counting on you, Izzy!
We better get moving,
we got friends to find.
Mm-hmm.
Kari...
(puzzled gasp)
What are you staring at?
I don't know.
It's happening again.
Ever since we were little,
sometimes she'd
just get like this.
Always looking off
into the distance,
like she's waiting
for something.
Kari?
Now way, how did you get here?
I'm not too sure.
It's like I was called here.
-(loud piercing shriek)
-(alarmed gasps)
What was that sound?
(loud rumble)
Something is coming.
(thundering)
(melodious instrumental music)
(growl/roar)
Just hang on until
I get there, TK!
It's okay, Matt.
Me and Patamon are both strong!
We're gonna be all right!
We'll find you guys soon!
TK...
Sounds like little
TK is growing up.
(loud footsteps)
All right, let's wrap this up.
Yeah!
Garurumon digivolve to...
Weregarurumon!
(roar)
Don't worry, I'll
protect you, Patamon.
(Patamon groggy/waking grunt)
Patamon!
Where are we?
I'm trying to find my brother.
Will you help me?
(struggling grunt)
(sigh)
What's the matter?
(struggling grunt)
Huh?
(sighs)
I don't get it.
I don't know what's
wrong with me.
Just keep resting.
Well you can't say
he's not persistent.
Come on, Mimi, let's go.
We need to rejoin the others.
All right.
Huh?
Is that?
Hey!
Come here, look at this!
Huh?
I think it's a ruby gemstone!
When it's polished up, it's
super pretty and sparkly!
(gasp)
Sparkly?
Let's take a look, there
might be more of them!
-Ohh, I want one, too!
-(giggle)
Well, uh, we better
get going now.
Don't want to keep
our friends waiting!
(nervous chuckle)
(sharp shimmering)
(freaked gasp)
Well, at least this Digimon's
not trying to, you know,
eat us.
No, but we still need
to get out of here.
The others are waiting.
(uneasy grunt)
(loud rumbling)
(piercing screech)
(trees bashing)
It sounds big.
And it's getting closer.
(grunts)
(trees bashing)
(falling scream)
Tai!
Agumon!
Agumon digivolve to...
Greymon!
(Tai laughs)
Wow, thanks, Greymon.
(loud piercing screech)
(trees bashing)
Here it comes.
(lightning strikes)
(screeches)
(lava rumbling)
-(tree bashing)
-(grunts)
Greymon!
I'm okay.
(determined grunt)
(loud stomp)
(piercing screech)
What is it, Tai?
Volcdramon.
An Ultimate Digimon!
Greymon, be careful
with this guy!
(lightning strikes)
(lava rumbles)
(piercing screech)
It's those black sparks that
are giving Volcdramon power!
(piercing screech)
Go for it, Greymon!
Let's do it!
(intense instrumental music)
Greymon digivolve to...
Metalgreymon!
(leap grunt)
(block grunt)
Giga Storm!
What?
(piercing screech)
No way!
We're not done yet.
(roars)
(gasp)
(piercing screech)
(lava rumbling)
What?
No!
He swallowed it whole!
Then we have no choice.
Hang on tight, you two!
Trident Arm!
(lava rumbling)
This Digimon's using
fire as a shield!
Then I'll just break through it!
(roars)
(lava rumbles)
(cowering grunts)
Metalgreymon!
Are you okay?
Did you get hurt?
(groan of pain)
Nah, this is nothing!
Don't worry, Kari.
We're not gonna lose!
Isn't that right, Metalgreymon?
You bet!
In fact, I'm gonna
finish this right now!
(blasting yell/roar)
(roar of effort)
(blasted grunt)
(piercing screech)
Metalgreymon.
I'm not giving up that easily.
All right.
Let's make Volcdramon
feel our power!
Yeah!
(lightning strikes)
(grunts)
(roar of effort)
[Both] Go, Metalgreymon!
(melodious instrumental music)
(surprise gasp)
What the heck?
(roars)
(loud rumbling)
(throwing grunt)
(melodious instrumental music)
[Both] Agumon!
Oh, man, you were awesome!
I protected you, right, Kari?
Yeah!
That was amazing!
Kari?
Did she disappear?
Where'd she go?
Kari!
Where are you, Kari?
(alarmed gasps)
Skullknightmon!
(gasp)
[Both] Kari!
Kari!
I'm coming, Kari!
(running breaths)
Kari?
Kari!
But why?
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Angemon.
This Digimon evolves
from Patamon.
Angemon descends on six wings
and crushes evil enemies
with Celestial powers!
Now, let's check this out!
Angemon is the
Digimon of justice,
so I'd like to ask him,
what's the just way to respond
to Tentomon's confusing jokes?
Should I laugh at them or
should I tell them the truth?
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] In the
burning jungle,
Tai and Agumon are
in grave danger.
Will they be able to defeat
their heavily armored enemies?
[Tai] Next time, Escape
the Burning Jungle.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.